docs(ember): Update Ember docs for new config (#3710)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/performance/enable-automatic-instrumentation/javascript.ember.mdx

> The Ember addon automatically adds the tracing integration for you with additional routing details by hooking into your applications router. If you are not seeing transactions appear, you may need change the configuration passed to Ember's default tracing integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ember add-on automatically adds the tracing integration for you with additional routing details by hooking into your application's router. If you are not seeing transactions appear, you may need change the configuration passed to Ember's default tracing integration.
```

> After configuration, you will see both `pageload` and `navigation` transactions in the Sentry UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuration, you will see both `pageload` and `navigation` transactions in sentry.io.
```
